hey what's going on guys it is last year
and welcome to episode number two of
nation creation here with GCI I'm se we
are open impacts we're going to do
another ten today and see if we can get
any epic players for our packs so first
off if you guys are making up our decoys
check out the FIFA shock top coat at UK
and make sure you use my code la 5t why
to get yourself a nice five percent
discount now also make sure you check
out Ross's videos and his channel and
subscribe to his channel that would be
epic they're all down below in the
description all over your screens on
annotations right now so if this video
could smash another two two and a half
thousand likes that'd be epic the first
episode did fantastic we thank you so
much for that without further ado let's
move into the live cool with Ross and
get opening these packs shall we so then
guys we're back with some more packs and
you ready fist on oh yes I've seen
dealing with by the last episode I mean
the players have got you got a name are
though but I can't use it he's not he's
not on my list is yours you study I'm
the packet let's go on it alright what
do they do any promo pack to this I
think they were I think once the world
cup starts and play a start you know
actually putting in performances and
stuff nothing they will I got shy again
yeah me too can I one like AG right so
moving on to pack number two then I mean
we've got its got happened at some point
right Ross like he read them their
players it's just just ridiculous right
now understand what's happening yep me
too Italian Argentine Portuguese Germany
France give me one of them come on skip
skip it Oh Santa Cazalla I've got Spain
it's a good player oh that is a good
pull ever got Argentina know you got
agents here so yeah Santi Cazorla that's
not too bad yes sadly duplicato ah
that's Belgium right yeah Santa cazal
that's my first Spanish boiler series
you are absolutely annihilating me
what's going on pack number three then
under something cuz all I can deal with
that but I'm ready to open that pack of
dreams hopefully you ready your
one lucky mother trucker it is come yet
to pack anyone that I really want it's
not good come on give us some bedding
Cazorla i get portuguese flag or Lavezzi
of us yours again oh I got messy no no
yes I didn't even see him oh god he SAT
there and I'm just like Oh your poor
girls fucking messy mate what I need him
as well Morales there's the pull of
dreams right there what oh my god yes
way we've done it I've done it that's
the guy already messy a name of in
within like eight packs know that
impacted series but do not fucking pack
messy on my other account ridiculous
that's depressing I've opened me for 4.3
million coins my main yeah Oh believe
that God one sec okay right then so on
to the next pack i'm not quite sure any
of us are gonna beat that one no I can't
see it shit oh my god episode 2 and I
got messy ority what alone anymore he
can't even like doesn't even count yeah
well cuz all it was good well you know
sit oh I we good I get Brazil how much I
think anything oh no got Montee oh he is
from Argentina that's good okay impact
number five and I need that big player
in my club I'm ready to go he's like the
biggest player you need has been haven't
you see you got a lot of higher nad
Esther and stuff out like overall
vampire things that you're the highest
oh yeah that's true skin I got another
large internal rates actually got a
flight from netherlands a concern is you
want was right moving swiftly on to pack
number six are you ready I am let's go I
think skipping the packs helps quite a
lot because you know we can we can get
10 packs down and make the video nice
and short for you guys mm-hmm boom yep
nobody for me so think I just want to
say how well the first ever done for
both of us is absolutely awesome and
there if you keep that up we'll bring
you more and more of these series guys's
then it's really fun to do edge as well
it's actually quite good there's like
tension like here you can get what and I
skip it yet nobody oh oh he's from
Belgium he can do no really now he's
last few packs mean shit yeah ok then
pack number seven I think what we're
planning to do is do this series at
every what a couple of days to every two
or three days yeah and as long as you
know things he'd going like the first
episode did which was epic by the way
thank you very much no good I finally
got german player my god the Guzman he
can count but again oh he's been about a
bad packs on to next packet Finn and
these last few packs been pretty damn
poor for me yeah I might look like the
old place that's come on um Guinness
these became our oh wait germany by go
germany miui that's actually quite good
I could marry O'Malley Nana Frenchman
yeah that's really wait so I got
Netherlands now you've got netherlands i
got warm right then sir at that point
where is the last pack of the episode so
cross your fingers for both of us I
think come on I've had a pretty decent
episode to be honest hey that's a no
ivory I have really skip scaredy neymar
Oh Minnie Lee and Leroy fer that's not
too bad I got no what right then lad so
where that was episode number two and it
was a bit of a crazy one like we had
some poor packs but I can't believe it
messy was there so I'm going to have a
little bit of a rundown of what I've got
for each nation so far and stuff like
that so let's start with France right
here we've finally we've got we're up to
two players there Remy looks pretty
awesome actually that's not bad at all
Germany we find the unlock one of them
we got mullah not the good mother we got
Nicolai Muller who you know at least
we've we've opened up our account for
germany it because last episode we was
sitting there with no one which was not
good
so Italy oh we're rocking some plays on
Italy we've currently got five and she
got five pretty good ones as well chechi
Buffon not bad at all who else would we
go we got Portugal who we've now got two
players that's pretty decent as well and
once we start getting a few more I'll
start adding them to an actual squad so
you guys can see what they look like
right there but let's move over to South
America and Argentina baby I cannot
believe we've cut that messy already
that is ridiculous I've opened so many
packs on my main account where I'm out
trying to get all the players and I've
not packed him so to open like 13 packs
and get messy is just ridiculous so if
you've enjoyed this video guys please
smash a like on the video that would be
awesome we aim to do like an episode
every couple of three days so if you can
keep showing that support we will just
absolutely annihilate your sub box with
loads of these episodes which is great
so we're make sure you go and check out
Ross this channel and his video down in
the description below or there's
annotations all over your screen no
doubt about it thank you for watching
guys and I will catch you next time
peace